DOCS-281 Early draft JDBC Overview and Configuration (#1)
hazelcast/jdbc-driver-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/get-started.adoc

[source,bash]
----
spring.datasource.url=jdbc:hazelcast:/localhost:5701/?clusterName=hello-world
----

If you're using DBeaver, add the connection URL to your database connection settings.

NOTE: Other xref:configuration.adoc#connection-prop[connection properties] are also available.

== Step 4. Testing Your Connection

In this step, you'll start your application and test the connection to your Hazelcast cluster by querying some test data on it. Begin by writing some test data to your cluster.

. Start your local Hazelcast cluster.
+
[tabs] 
==== 
Mac:: 
+ 
--
[source,shell]
----
bin/hz-start
----
--
Linux:: 
+ 
--
[source,shell]
----
bin/hz-start
----
--
Windows:: 
+
--
[source,shell]
----
bin/hz-start.bat
----
--
====

. Start Management Center for your cluster.
+
[tabs] 
==== 
Mac:: 
+ 
--
[source,shell]
----
management-center/bin/start.sh
----
--
Linux:: 
+ 
--
[source,shell]
----
management-center/bin/start.sh
----
--
Windows:: 
+
--
[source,shell]
----
management-center/bin/start.bat
----
--
====

. In a web browser, go to localhost:8080. 
+
Your cluster details are displayed.

. Click *View Cluster* and then select *SQL Browser* from the top navigation.

> . Execute the following SQL to create a table on the cluster for some test data.

Reviewer: I know that many people don't like that we don't have a table, but mapping, but this is not the place to fix this.
```suggestion
. Execute the following SQL to create a mapping to an IMap on the cluster for some test data.
```
